DOCSP-33632 Filtered Subset (#835)
mongodb/docs-node: source/aggregation-tutorials/filtered-subset.txt

.. _node-aggregation-filtered-subset:

===============
Filtered Subset
===============

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: tutorial

.. meta::

>    :keywords: code example, node.js, sort, limit, aggregation

Reviewer: Q: are the meta tags supposed to be directly under the heading? this is how I have seen it in other docs, but again not sure if it matters

Author: I'm not sure if there's a specific place other than at the top of the file, I just went with what I saw in other pages that we've added taxonomy tagging to.

Introduction
------------

> In this tutorial, you can learn how to use the {+driver-short+} to
> find a subset of documents in a collection by using aggregation.

Reviewer: S: also explain that this tutorial shows how to format the output using sorts, setting/unsetting fields, etc

Something like:
```suggestion
In this tutorial, you can learn how to use the {+driver-short+} to
find a subset of documents in a collection and format results by using aggregation.
```

.. tip::

>    You can also query for a subset of documents in a collection by using MongoDB
>    Query Language (MQL). To learn how to specify a query using MQL, see the 
>    :ref:`read operation guides <node-read-operations>`.

Reviewer: i: MQL was renamed to the Query API -- can link some docs if needed. 

```suggestion
   You can also query for a subset of documents in a collection by using the Query API.
   To learn how to specify a query, see the :ref:`Read Operations guides <node-read-operations>`.
```

Before You Get Started
----------------------

Before you start following this tutorial, follow the
instructions in the :ref:`node-agg-tutorial-template-app` section of the
Aggregation Tutorials page to set up the template app.

Once you set up the app, access the ``persons``
collection by updating the collection name placeholder, as shown in
the following code:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/aggregation/filtered-subset.js
   :language: javascript
   :copyable: true
   :start-after: start-collection
   :end-before: end-collection
   :dedent:

Insert sample data into the ``persons`` collection by
pasting the following sample documents into the ``sampleData1`` array:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/aggregation/filtered-subset.js
   :language: javascript
   :copyable: true
   :start-after: start-persons
   :end-before: end-persons
   :dedent:

After inserting the data into the collection, create a compound index on the
``vocation`` and ``dateofbirth`` fields to
improve query performance, as shown in the following code:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/aggregation/filtered-subset.js
   :language: javascript
   :copyable: true
   :start-after: start-index
   :end-before: end-index

>    :dedent:

Author: Messaged in Slack -- I deleted this for the reasons you mentioned and to simplify the tutorial.
